---
published: true
layout: article
date: 2019-04-21T12:00:00.000Z
title: Clay Chaffins 04/21/2019 Notes on the synthesis of Claymore Coding Assignment
---
## Clay Chaffins 04/21/2019 Notes on the synthesis of Claymore Coding Assignment

We originally came up with the idea to start off giving a broad overview so that we could help tie what we had been working on to the broader audience. We then moved onto discussing the architecture plan versus the actually implementation. We decided to discuss the technologies we planned to use versus the ones we actually used. The technologies we actually used were JHipster, Amazon Web Services, and Docker. Within JHipster, we used Java Spring Boot and Angular 6. Within Amazon Web Services we used Code Pipeline, Amazon RDS, API Gateway, and Elastic Bean Stalk. 

We also re-imagined our database schema as well – we decided to keep our Schedule table/entity at the top level but change how we wanted some of the lower level tables. For example, we created MashbillGrain and MashbillYeast tables to hold the many to many relationship that a mashbill can have multiple grains attached to it and viceversa. Also, mashbills can have multiple yeast types attached to them and vice versa. We were originally under the impression that only a one to one relationship existed, but after further requirement elicitation with Shane, we discovered this was not the case. We therefore made the change accordingly and updated our app. 

At the time of this presentation, we did not yet have the app hosted on Amazon Web Services (the cloud), but we did have a video of our application being used. We showed this video to Shane to get his approval and feedback and then showed it to the class as part of the Coding Assignment presentation. The video walks through the typical user workflow of adding data to the configuration tables and then going through and setting up a production schedule and mashbill. 

To test the front end we preformed unit tests using the Jest framework. We ensured to use this framework to ensure we had tests for the primary screens that the users interact with. The framework essentially, makes changes to the backend and then observes the front end. 
To test the back end, we used the Spring Test Context framework. These tested homed in on changing data in the database level. The end goal here was to simulate the front end in order to pass the back end functions set variables. 

During this process we did discover some defects. While most of these defects were small, we were extremely glad we utilized the testing frameworks above to catch these errors. One larger defect we uncovered had to do with adding additional info. In some cases when we tried to update fields on the front end, previous data would become overwritten. We discovered a workaround in the meantime and a week later, we implemented a fix for this issue. 
